contracts/arena-escrow/README.md, before:

# Arena-Escrow Smart Contract

## Overview

The Arena-Escrow smart contract is a key component of the Arena DAO ecosystem, managing the lifecycle of competitions and their associated funds. This contract handles dues collection, fund distribution, and competition state management.

## Competition and Escrow Lifecycle

The following flowchart illustrates the lifecycle of a competition and its associated escrow:

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    Start([Start]) --> HasDues{Competition<br>Has Dues?}
    HasDues -->|Yes| ShouldActivateDues{Should Activate<br>On Funded?}
    HasDues -->|No| ShouldActivateNoDues{Should Activate<br>On Funded?}
    
    ShouldActivateDues -->|Yes| PendingDues[Pending:<br>Awaiting Dues]
    ShouldActivateDues -->|No| PendingManual[Pending:<br>Manual Activation]
    
    ShouldActivateNoDues -->|Yes| ActiveCompetition[Active Competition]
    ShouldActivateNoDues -->|No| PendingManual
    
    PendingDues -->|All Dues Paid| ActiveCompetition
    PendingManual -->|Host Manually<br>Activates| ActiveCompetition
    
    ActiveCompetition -->|Expiration Reached| ConsensusCheck{Consensus<br>Reached?}
    ConsensusCheck -->|Yes| InactiveCompetition[Inactive Competition]
    ConsensusCheck -->|No| JailedCompetition[Jailed Competition]
    
    JailedCompetition -->|Arena DAO<br>Resolves| InactiveCompetition
    
    InactiveCompetition --> End([End])
    
    UnlockedEscrow[Escrow:<br>Unlocked] -->|Competition<br>Activated| LockedEscrow[Escrow:<br>Locked]
    LockedEscrow -->|Competition<br>Resolved| UnlockedEscrow
    
    PendingDues -.-> UnlockedEscrow
    PendingManual -.-> UnlockedEscrow
    ActiveCompetition -.-> LockedEscrow
    InactiveCompetition -.-> UnlockedEscrow
    
    classDef default fill:#4EA5D9,stroke:#2E4057,stroke-width:2px,color:#2E4057;
    classDef decision fill:#F99B45,stroke:#2E4057,stroke-width:2px,color:#2E4057;
    classDef escrow fill:#73D2DE,stroke:#2E4057,stroke-width:2px,color:#2E4057;
    classDef startend fill:#2ECC71,stroke:#2E4057,stroke-width:2px,color:#2E4057;
    
    class HasDues,ShouldActivateDues,ShouldActivateNoDues,ConsensusCheck decision;
    class UnlockedEscrow,LockedEscrow escrow;
    class Start,End startend;
```

## Key Features

- Dues collection and management
- Automatic or manual competition activation
- Fund locking and unlocking
- Distribution of funds based on competition results
- Support for native, CW20, and CW721 tokens
- Layered fee system

## Contract Messages

### InstantiateMsg

```rust
pub struct InstantiateMsg {
    pub dues: Vec<MemberBalanceUnchecked>,
    pub should_activate_on_funded: Option<bool>,
}
```

### ExecuteMsg

The contract supports the following execute messages:

- `Withdraw`: Withdraw funds from the contract
- `SetDistribution`: Set the distribution of funds
- `Activate`: Activate the competition
- `ReceiveNative`: Receive native tokens
- `Receive`: Receive CW20 tokens
- `ReceiveNft`: Receive CW721 tokens
- `Distribute`: Distribute funds according to the specified distribution and fees
- `Lock`: Lock or unlock the contract

### QueryMsg

The contract supports various query messages to check balances, dues, funding status, and other state information.

Commit message:

v1.8
Clean up arena-interface messaging
Jailing is not restrictive anymore but should be guarded with a deposit
Competition enrollment must be registered to the arena core
Competition creation is only done by host unless specified through a competition enrollment module
Only categories can have rulesets
Readme improvements

contracts/arena-escrow/README.md, after:

# Arena-Escrow Smart Contract

## Overview

The Arena-Escrow smart contract is a crucial component of the Arena DAO ecosystem, designed to manage the lifecycle of competitions and their associated funds. This contract handles dues collection, fund distribution, competition state management, and supports various token types including native, CW20, and CW721 tokens.

## Competition and Escrow Lifecycle

The following flowchart illustrates the lifecycle of a competition and its associated escrow:

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    Start([Start]) --> HasDues{Competition<br>Has Dues?}
    HasDues -->|Yes| ShouldActivateDues{Should Activate<br>On Funded?}
    HasDues -->|No| ShouldActivateNoDues{Should Activate<br>On Funded?}
    
    ShouldActivateDues -->|Yes| PendingDues[Pending:<br>Awaiting Dues]
    ShouldActivateDues -->|No| PendingManual[Pending:<br>Manual Activation]
    
    ShouldActivateNoDues -->|Yes| ActiveCompetition[Active Competition]
    ShouldActivateNoDues -->|No| PendingManual
    
    PendingDues -->|All Dues Paid| ActiveCompetition
    PendingManual -->|Host Manually<br>Activates| ActiveCompetition
    
    ActiveCompetition -->|Expiration Reached| ConsensusCheck{Consensus<br>Reached?}
    ConsensusCheck -->|Yes| InactiveCompetition[Inactive Competition]
    ConsensusCheck -->|No| JailedCompetition[Jailed Competition]
    
    JailedCompetition -->|Arena DAO<br>Resolves| InactiveCompetition
    
    InactiveCompetition --> End([End])
    
    UnlockedEscrow[Escrow:<br>Unlocked] -->|Competition<br>Activated| LockedEscrow[Escrow:<br>Locked]
    LockedEscrow -->|Competition<br>Resolved| UnlockedEscrow
    
    PendingDues -.-> UnlockedEscrow
    PendingManual -.-> UnlockedEscrow
    ActiveCompetition -.-> LockedEscrow
    InactiveCompetition -.-> UnlockedEscrow
    
    classDef default fill:#4EA5D9,stroke:#2E4057,stroke-width:2px,color:#2E4057;
    classDef decision fill:#F99B45,stroke:#2E4057,stroke-width:2px,color:#2E4057;
    classDef escrow fill:#73D2DE,stroke:#2E4057,stroke-width:2px,color:#2E4057;
    classDef startend fill:#2ECC71,stroke:#2E4057,stroke-width:2px,color:#2E4057;
    
    class HasDues,ShouldActivateDues,ShouldActivateNoDues,ConsensusCheck decision;
    class UnlockedEscrow,LockedEscrow escrow;
    class Start,End startend;
```

## Key Features

- Dues collection and management
- Automatic or manual competition activation
- Fund locking and unlocking
- Distribution of funds based on competition results
- Support for native, CW20, and CW721 tokens
- Layered fee system

## Contract Messages

### InstantiateMsg

```rust
pub struct InstantiateMsg {
    pub dues: Vec<MemberBalanceUnchecked>,
    pub should_activate_on_funded: Option<bool>,
}
```

### ExecuteMsg

The contract supports the following execute messages:

- `Withdraw`: Withdraw funds from the contract
- `SetDistribution`: Set the distribution of funds
- `Activate`: Activate the competition
- `ReceiveNative`: Receive native tokens
- `Receive`: Receive CW20 tokens
- `ReceiveNft`: Receive CW721 tokens
- `Distribute`: Distribute funds according to the specified distribution and layered fees
- `Lock`: Lock or unlock the contract

Additionally, the contract implements `cw_ownable_execute` for ownership management.

### QueryMsg

The contract supports various query messages:

- `Balances`: Retrieve balances of members
- `Balance`: Get balance of a specific address
- `Due`: Get due amount for a specific address
- `Dues`: List all dues
- `InitialDues`: List initial dues
- `IsFunded`: Check if an address is funded
- `IsFullyFunded`: Check if the contract is fully funded
- `TotalBalance`: Get total balance of the contract
- `IsLocked`: Check if the contract is locked
- `Distribution`: Get distribution for a specific address
- `DumpState`: Dump the entire state of the contract
- `ShouldActivateOnFunded`: Check if the contract should activate when fully funded

The contract also implements `cw_ownable_query` for ownership-related queries.
